# Task 2 --- Team-doubleE

Thank you Team-doubleE for you work!

Feedback
1. Good
    1. Results are well-presented.
    2. Experimental settings are clear.
    3. Comprehensive discussion regarding the results. Great job!
    4. Evaluate the computational cost of AE generation.
2. Other Comments
    1. Missing the introduction to the task.
    2. Missing the introduction to attacks (i.e., ``FGSM``, ``PGD``, and ``EOT``).
    3. It is better to list the paths (locations) to all relevant files to this task, such as the json files for configurations, the python files (or Jupyter notebooks) for scripts (implemented or modified by you), files for results, location for generated AEs, etc.
    4. The AEs generated in Task 1 (targeted at the undefended model) are not blackbox attacks. The attempt to connect task 1 and task 2 is great. However, comparing AEs generated by different attacks and targeted different models does not provide useful insights. Based on what you have generated in task 1 and task 2, I would suggest perform evaluation as follows:
        1. Compare the effectiveness (in terms of ``error rate``) of the ``undefended model`` (``UM``), ``MV-20`` ensemble, and ``PGD-ADT`` against ``FGSM`` with and without ``EOT`` (AEs generated in task 2). This comparison will show us whether by optimizing the adversary by computing expected loss over a transformation distribution will produce stronger AEs.
        2. Compare the effectiveness of the ``UM``, ``MV-20``, and ``PGD-ADT`` against ``PGD`` (from task 1 and task 2). This comparison will show us (1) whether an adaptive adversarial attack (what we did in task 2) can launch a more successful attack on ATHENA and (2) same insight as we do against ``FGSM``.
    5. Typo in page ``4`` (line 2), the unit of offset is not degree. The offset in translation transformation means ``the amount or distance by which the image is moved (in x- and/or y-axis)``.  